README.md, before:

# Junepil Lee

Typescript and Javascript developer based on Seoul, Korea🇰🇷

- Interested at Infra structure, Front-end development, UI, bouldering
- Big fan of git, I had even opened [the study](https://github.com/gdsc-konkuk/24-25-git-study) for the newbie in GDGoc Konkuk
- Starting to contribute on open source projects
- Love learning new languages, I mean real *lauguages*. Currentley available for japanese🇯🇵, spanish🇪🇸 and english🇺🇸. Very new to indonesian 🇮🇩

<img style="height:200px; display: block;" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=junepil&layout=compact&theme=nord&hide_border=true" />

## Personal Contact
- phone: +82 10-5041-0009 / +61 411-647-001
- email: pil0009@konkuk.ac.kr

## Experiences
- Konkuk Univ, dept of CSE: 2021.03 - current
- Worked at ROKAF Intelligence Information Systems Management Group: 2022.10 - 2024.07
- [GDGoc Konkuk](https://github.com/gdgoc-konkuk): 2024.07 - 2025.07
- University of Western Australia, exchange student: 2025.07 - current

## Projects
### HR System for goverment workers in ROKAF
### [Chrome extension for room booking in Konkuk University](https://github.com/junepil/kuick)

Commit message:

Revise README to reflect current interests and contributions
Updated personal interests, projects, and language skills in README.

README.md, after:

# Junepil Lee

Typescript and Javascript developer based on Seoul, Korea🇰🇷

Also using go and python for some projects :)

- Interested in generating real tools that can bootstrap users pain point, learning new AI tools, BJJ
- Big fan of git, I had even open [the study](https://github.com/gdsc-konkuk/24-25-git-study) for the newbie in GDGoc Konkuk
- Love learning new languages, I mean real *lauguages*. Currentley available for japanese🇯🇵, spanish🇪🇸, english🇺🇸, korean 🇰🇷

## Personal Contact
- phone: +82 10-5041-0009
- email: pil0009@konkuk.ac.kr

## Experiences
- Konkuk Univ, dept of CSE: 2021.03 - current
- Worked at ROKAF Intelligence Information Systems Management Group: 2022.10 - 2024.07
- [GDGoc Konkuk](https://github.com/gdgoc-konkuk): 2024.07 - 2025.07
- University of Western Australia, exchange student: 2025.07 - 2025.11

## Projects
- HR System for goverment workers in ROKAF
- [Chrome extension for room booking in Konkuk University](https://github.com/junepil/kuick)
- [Browser script for bypassing screen time measurement](https://github.com/junepil/lab-safety)
- Creating Graph UI based knowledge management service in [stormer](https://github.com/stormerai)

## Open Source
- Contributed to [@types/threejs](https://github.com/junepil/three-ts-types)
- Currently translating [Hugging Face LLM course](https://github.com/huggingface/course) in korean
